{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\par 
\pard\b\f0\fs28\lang1033 # Tasks 8/2019 on Desktop  \b0\fs22\par
\par
  ** .rtf file uploaded to github ** \par
      Text readable with format codes. \par
      Can edit, with manually added format codes. \par
\par
\b\f1\fs28 fastai\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
 * More practice setting up version 0.7\par
    -  !curl command in unix, symbolic link in unix\par
       (Unix home dir: version 1.0 setup, git repo full fastai)\par
    -  similar options should be availabe for Windows OS\par
       (Currently windows: v1.0 setup for GPU & CPU??)\par
* CoLab works with v 1.0, on-Cloug & Google Drive.\par
* CoLab -- test using with v 0.7 on Google?  Transfer to GDrive?\par
\par
Try AWS -- for v 0.7 & v 1.0\par
\par
\b\f1\fs28 CS231n\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
 * Try setting up Google Cloud GCI -- have AMI machine setup?\par
 * Have $300 credit that expires in few months, use it.\par
 * Can create another one with different gmail account later.\par
  -- Use Ubuntu\par
 * CIFAR10 -- try fasai version, png format not binary, in Windows.\par
\par
Google Cloud -- free $300 credit for GPU -- use up this year 2019.\par
 * Used datasciY.info@gmail.com -- same as google drive acct.\par
 \par
Google CoLab also uses datasciY.info@gmail.com, linked to Google Drive. \par
\par
AWS 3rd free trial, ends this year, datasciY.info@gmail.com\par
AWS 2nd free trial, expired? - jyoon@10sigmarisk.com acct(\b\f2\fs20 wb>>$10tabs\b0 )\f0\fs22\par
\par
Personal AWS -- mail@jenniferyoon.com acct.\par
\par
\par
Audible my account\par
\par
* verify that current credits will last 1 year, then change to 12-credits per year model.  Or better yet, use up all credits and stop membership.\par
}
