# My JSON notes  

### Data types, syntax and example
  
JSON's basic data types are:  

  1.	Number: a signed decimal number that may contain a fractional part and may use exponential E notation, but cannot include non-numbers such as NaN. The format makes no distinction between integer and floating-point. JavaScript uses a double-precision floating-point format for all its numeric values, but other languages implementing JSON may encode numbers differently.  

  1.	String: a sequence of zero or more Unicode characters. Strings are delimited with double-quotation marks and support a backslash escaping syntax.

  1.	Boolean: either of the values true or false

  1.	Array: an ordered list of zero or more values, each of which may be of any type. Arrays use square bracket notation and elements are comma-separated.

  1.	Object: an unordered collection of name–value pairs where the names (also called keys) are strings. Since objects are intended to represent associative arrays,[14] it is recommended, though not required,[15] that each key is unique within an object. Objects are delimited with curly brackets and use commas to separate each pair, while within each pair the colon ':' character separates the key or name from its value.

  1.  Null: an empty value, using the word "null."  Limited whitespace is allowed and ignored around or between syntactic elements (values and punctuation, but not within a string value). Only four specific characters are considered whitespace for this purpose: space, horizontal tab, line feed, and carriage return. In particular, the byte order mark must not be generated by a conforming implementation (though it may be accepted when parsing JSON). JSON does not provide syntax for comments.
Early versions of JSON (such as specified by RFC 4627) required that a valid JSON "document" must consist of only an object or an array type, which could contain other types within them.

#### Example:  
The following example shows a possible JSON representation describing a person.   
(Note:  Phone numbers are arrays, ordered list [ {item1}, {item2}, {item3} ]  and “,” separates objects in list.)   

```js
{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "isAlive": true,
  "age": 27,
  "address": {
    "streetAddress": "21 2nd Street",
    "city": "New York",
    "state": "NY",
    "postalCode": "10021-3100"
  },
  "phoneNumbers": [
    {
      "type": "home",
      "number": "212 555-1234"
    },
    {
      "type": "office",
      "number": "646 555-4567"
    },
    {
      "type": "mobile",
      "number": "123 456-7890"
    }
  ],
  "children": [],
  "spouse": null
}
```  

